Josiah was 8 years old when he became
King and he reigned 31 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was Jude Ida
the daughter of a Dyer of buzz cath and
he did what was right in the sight of
the Lord and walked in all the ways of
his father David he did not turn aside
to the right hand or to the left now it
came to pass in the 18th year of King
Josiah that the king sent Chafin the
scribe the son of as a liar the son of
Magellan to the house of the Lord
go up to Hill Kyah the high priest that
he may count the money which has been
brought into the house of the Lord which
the doorkeepers have gathered from the
people and let them deliver it into the
hand of those doing the work who are the
overseers in the house of the Lord let
them give it to those who are in the
house of the Lord doing the work to
repair the damages of the house to
carpenters and builders and masons and
to buy timber and hewn stone to repair
the house
however there need be no accounting made
with them of the money delivered into
their hand because they deal faithfully
then Hill kaya the high priest said to
Chafin the scribe I have found the book
of the law in the house of the Lord and
Hill kaya gave the book to Chafin and he
read it so Chafin the scribe went to the
king bringing the king word your
servants have gathered the money that
was found in the house and have
delivered it into the hand of those who
do the work who oversee the house of the
Lord then Chafin described showed the
King bill kaya
the priest has given me a book and
Chafin read it before the king now it
happened when the King heard the words
of the book of the law that he tore his
clothes then the king commanded he'll
kya the priest a Hyken the son of
shaphan aqua the son of makea Chafin the
scribe and isaiah a servant of the king
go inquire of the Lord for me for the
people and for all Judah concerning the
words of this book that has been found
for great is the wrath of the Lord that
has aroused against us because our
fathers have not obeyed the words of
this book to do according to all that is
written concerning us so he'll kyer the
priest a hikin packbow Chafin and Isaiah
went to Huldah the prophetess the wife
of shallow the son of tikva the son of
haha' keeper of the water she dwelt in
Jerusalem in the second quarter and they
spoke with her and she said to them thus
says the Lord God of Israel tell the man
who sent you to me thus says the Lord
behold I will bring calamity on this
place and on its inhabitants all the
words of the book which the king of
Judah has read because they have
forsaken me and burned incense to other
gods that they might provoke me to anger
with all the works of their hands
therefore my wrath shall be aroused
against this place and shall not be
quenched
but as for the king of Judah who sent
you to inquire of the Lord in this
manner you shall speak to him thus says
the Lord God of Israel concerning the
words which you have heard because your
heart was tender and you humbled
yourself before the Lord when you heard
what I spoke against this place and
against its inhabitants that they would
become a desolation and a curse and you
tore your clothes and wept before me I
also have heard you says the Lord surely
therefore I will gather you to your
father's and you shall be gathered to
your grave in peace and your eyes shall
not see all the calamity which I will
so they brought that word to the king